[Music]
[Applause]
they celebrated every year the United
Nations announced this as the
International Day of yoga and on the
21st
we had celebrations very big worldwide
celebrations the whole week I see that
Yoga means different things to different
people and I always feel that there are
sometimes you know misconceptions in the
heads of people and sometimes it's not
fully understood the kind of benefits
that yoga can give you I want to very
quickly put a Prime Minister Sheila
anubhooti on what yoga is what yoga can
be at the UN GA he called it the gift of
ancient Indian tradition quote it
embodies unity of mind and body thought
and action restraint and fulfilment
harmony between man and nature and a
holistic approach to health and
well-being I know that this sounds
really a very elaborate but I do believe
yoga really does do all of these things
and even practicing it for just a short
while on a regular basis shows the path
can lead you towards finding exactly
their striking exactly this harmony
between man and nature unifying the mind
body and the breath
[Music]
greetings to all your lovers it is said
in the bhagavad-gita summit on yoga they
it means Yoga is a state of equilibrium
and equanimity I wish you all happy yoga
practicing cable via
Luke it's analogous to a pika fan out
purposely the head
[Music]
he was well aware about what is yoga
true I wish you a happy healthy and
peaceful life in the coming all the days
let's start the yoga session I
downloaded prajapatis again welcome in
the world of yo word of peace world of a
communist life type
[Music]
[Applause]
keep practicing yoga come to the embassy
and practice wisdom Levangie thank you
very much from a scarf or shanthi
shanthi shanthi so I really enjoy yoga
because it's good for exercise but it's
also really good for your mind it helps
you relax at the end of the day it helps
you focus in terms of exercise it's
fantastic stretching it's great for
strength and so I think it really gives
you a broad opportunity to do a range of
different things I really enjoy coming
along to the international yoga day my
whole family comes we have a lot of fun
it's a great opportunity for up for the
Indian High Commission in Brunei to
share yoga with a broader community I
know a lot of new people come along but
I think one of the best things about
yoga is how accessible it is beginners
can do yoga or experience it's been a
fantastic experience because it shows me
how to stretch your body or to bring
your body and your mind together and for
me as a long-distance runner there's a
fantastic activity to combine with my
running so that I can join my body
together in a better way and stretch it
what I've really enjoyed is the way in
which the Indian High Commission has
brought this yoga teacher here to share
that experience with all of us who
haven't done it before and this is
something that I will carry on doing now
I've been done it here today today was
my very very first yoga session in my
life so it's a real discovery for me and
it's an amazing discovery it was a very
fantastic for me because I was painful
at the same time
say but I think that Yoga is a way to to
have a better feeling about ourselves
about our body about were good from our
mind or seer I'm particularly grateful
to her excellency
Madame enough mahalik to provide us an
opportunity to practice yoga today and
today under a very renowned yogi was
come all the way from India and then we
could do it with our diplomatic immunity
and member of the local community from
Brunei Darussalam so I wish everyone
around the world a very happy
international yoga day
[Music]